!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	2	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
add	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Dictionary.js	/^function add(key, value) {$/;"	c	language:JavaScript
add	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Set.js	/^function add() {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
betterHash	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/HashTable.js	/^function betterHash(string) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
BST	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Tree.js	/^function BST() {$/;"	c	language:JavaScript
buildChains	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/HashTable.js	/^function buildChains() {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
clear	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Dictionary.js	/^function clear() {$/;"	c	language:JavaScript
contains	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Set.js	/^function contains(data) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
count	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Dictionary.js	/^function count() {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
Dictionary	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Dictionary.js	/^function Dictionary() {$/;"	c	language:JavaScript
difference	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Set.js	/^function difference(set) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
find	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Dictionary.js	/^function find(key) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
find	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Tree.js	/^function find(data) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
get	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/HashTable.js	/^function get(key) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
getMax	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Tree.js	/^function getMax() {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
getMin	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Tree.js	/^function getMin() {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
getRandomInt	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/HashTable.js	/^function getRandomInt(min, max) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
getStuData	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/HashTable.js	/^function getStuData(arr) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
HashTable	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/HashTable.js	/^function HashTable() {$/;"	c	language:JavaScript
inOrder	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Tree.js	/^function inOrder(node) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
insert	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Tree.js	/^function insert(data) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
intersect	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Set.js	/^function intersect(set) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
Node	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Tree.js	/^function Node(data, left, right) {$/;"	c	language:JavaScript
postOrder	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Tree.js	/^function postOrder(node) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
preOrder	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Tree.js	/^function preOrder(node) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
put	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/HashTable.js	/^function put(data) {$/;"	c	language:JavaScript
put	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/HashTable.js	/^function put(key, data) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
remove	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Dictionary.js	/^function remove(key) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
remove	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Set.js	/^function remove(data) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
remove	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Tree.js	/^function remove(data) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
removeNode	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Tree.js	/^function removeNode(node, data) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
return	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Dictionary.js	/^function count() {$/;"	c	language:JavaScript
Set	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Set.js	/^function Set() {$/;"	c	language:JavaScript
show	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Set.js	/^function show() {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
show	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Tree.js	/^function show() {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
showAll	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Dictionary.js	/^function showAll(isOrdered) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
showDistro	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/HashTable.js	/^function showDistro() {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
simpleHash	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/HashTable.js	/^function simpleHash(data) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
size	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Set.js	/^function size() {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
slice	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Dictionary.js	/^  return Array.prototype.slice.call(Object.keys(this.datastore)).length; $/;"	m	language:JavaScript	class:return
someNames	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/HashTable.js	/^var someNames = ["Divid", "Jennifer", "Donnie", "Raymond", "Cynthia", "Mike", $/;"	v	language:JavaScript
subset	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Set.js	/^function subset(set) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
union	/home/xiaoxuan/workspace/js-data-structure-notes/Set.js	/^function union(set) {$/;"	f	language:JavaScript
